Add support to import evm assembly json (updated). (#13673)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: But we usually keep two lines of separation here. Not that it matters much but the next PR will probably immediately change it back :)

Also, please add new entries in alphabetical order.

>  * Commandline Interface: Add new input mode `--import-asm-json` that allows the import of EVM Assembly in JSON format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Commandline Interface: Add new input mode ``--import-asm-json`` that can import EVM assembly in the format used by ``--asm-json``.
```

Compiler Features:
 * Assembler: Use ``push0`` for placing ``0`` in the stack for EVM versions starting from "Shanghai". This decreases the deployment costs.
 * Commandline Interface: Add new input mode ``--import-asm-json`` that can import EVM assembly in the format used by ``--asm-json``.
 * EVM: Support for the EVM Version "Shanghai".
 * NatSpec: Add support for NatSpec documentation in ``enum`` definitions.
 * Optimizer: Re-implement simplified version of UnusedAssignEliminator and UnusedStoreEliminator. It can correctly remove some unused assignments in deeply nested loops that were ignored by the old version.
 * SMTChecker: Properties that are proved safe are now reported explicitly at the end of the analysis. By default, only the number of safe properties is shown. The CLI option ``--model-checker-show-proved-safe`` and the JSON option ``settings.modelChecker.showProvedSafe`` can be enabled to show the full list of safe properties.

>  * SMTChecker: Group all messages about unsupported language features in a single warning. The CLI option ``--model-checker-show-unsupported`` and the JSON option ``settings.modelChecker.showUnsupported`` can be enabled to show the full list. * Commandline Interface: Add new input mode ``--import-asm-json`` that can import EVM assembly in the format used by ``--asm-json``.

Reviewer 2: Looks like your changelog entry got stuck to another, unrelated one.

Compiler Features:
 * Commandline Interface: Add new input mode ``--import-asm-json`` that can import EVM assembly in the format used by ``--asm-json``.
 * Parser: Remove the experimental error recovery mode (``--error-recovery`` / ``settings.parserErrorRecovery``).

>  * Standard JSON Interface: Add **experimental** support for importing EVM Assembly JSON via Standard JSON.

Reviewer 2: This PR does not include the Standard JSON part, does it? I think that's #14285.

Reviewer 3: Oh, I thought it was done together. My mistake. I will change the changelog.

Compiler Features:
 * Commandline Interface: Add ``--no-import-callback`` option that prevents the compiler from loading source files not given explicitly on the CLI or in Standard JSON input.

>  * Commandline Interface: Add new input mode ``--import-asm-json`` that can import EVM assembly in the format used by ``--asm-json``.

Reviewer 4: No matter what else we may still need to change here, this has to be marked as *experimental* :-).
